Merge external splicing counts (#247)
gagneurlab/drop: docs/source/output.rst

Results and Output of DROP
===========================

> 

Reviewer: follow slack comments

DROP is intended to help researchers use RNA-Seq data in order to detect genes with aberrant expression,
aberrant splicing and mono-allelic expression. By simplifying the workflow process we hope to provide

> easy to read and interpret html files and output files. This section is dedicated to explaining the relevant

Author: ```suggestion
easy to read and interpret HTML files and output files. This section is dedicated to explaining the relevant
```

> results files. We will use the results of the ``demo`` to explain the files generated.::

Author: ```suggestion
results files. We will use the results of the ``demo`` to explain the files generated by the following commands:
```

    #install drop
    mamba create -n drop_env -c conda-forge -c bioconda drop
    conda activate drop_env
    
    mkdir drop_demo
    cd drop_demo
    drop demo
    
    snakemake -c1

Aberrant Expression
+++++++++++++++++++

> html file

Author: ```suggestion
HTML file
```

#########
Looking at the resulting ``Output/html/drop_demo_index.html`` we can see the ``AberrantExpression`` 
tab at the top of the screen. Following that the Overview tab contains links to the:  

* Counting Summaries 
    * For each aberrant expression group

>         * split of local vs external sample counts

Author: ```suggestion
        * number of local vs external sample
```

        * QC relating to reads and size factors for each sample

>         * histograms relating to mean count distribution with different conditions

Author: ```suggestion
        * histograms showing the mean count distributions based on different conditions
```

>         * information about the expressed genes within each sample and as a dataset

Author: ```suggestion
        * expressed genes within each sample and as a whole in the dataset
```

* Outrider Summaries
    * For each aberrant expression group

>         * the number of aberrantly expressed gene per sample

Author: ```suggestion
        * the number of aberrantly expressed genes per sample
```

>         * how batch correction is done and the resulting lack of batch effects

Author: ```suggestion
        * correlation between samples before and after the autoencoder correction
```

        * which samples contain outliers
        * results table
* Files
    * OUTRIDER files for each aberrant expression group
        * For each of these files you can follow the `OUTRIDER vignette for individual analysis <https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/vignettes/OUTRIDER/inst/doc/OUTRIDER.pdf>`_. 
    * tsv files
        * For each aberrant expression group
            * results.tsv

>                 * this tsv file contains only the significant genes and samples that meet the cutoffs defined in the ``config.yaml`` for ``padjCutoff`` and ``zScoreCutoff``

Author: ```suggestion
* Files (for each aberrant expression group)
    * OUTRIDER data files (RDS)
        * You can follow the `OUTRIDER vignette for further individual analysis <https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/vignettes/OUTRIDER/inst/doc/OUTRIDER.pdf>`. 
    * results files (TSV)
                * the result file contains only the significant genes and samples that meet the cutoffs defined in the ``config.yaml`` for ``padjCutoff`` and ``zScoreCutoff``
```

Local result files
##################
Additionally the ``aberrantExpression`` module creates the file ``Output/processed_results/aberrant_expression/{annotation}/outrider/{drop_group}/OUTRIDER_results_all.Rds`` this file is the Rds object containing the entire OUTRIDER results table regardless of significance.

Aberrant Splicing
+++++++++++++++++

html file
##########
Looking at the resulting ``Output/html/drop_demo_index.html`` we can see the ``AberrantSplicing`` 
tab at the top of the screen. Following that the Overview tab contains links to the:  

* Counting Summaries 
    * For each aberrant splicing group
        * split of local (from internal BAM files) vs external sample counts
        * split of local vs merged with external sample splicing/intron counts

>         * comparison of local and external log mean counts

Author: ```suggestion
        * comparison of local and external mean counts
```
